Can I tell him anything?
I just said you are tall
He gathers the aura
That kid almost killed me
If I tell him
We both have to finish today
Master, do you know what else can
Is there a way to replenish Reiki?
This Shen Xiujing is too scary
When he gets angry, he sucks in my aura
How else can you play?
The way is to have good luck and Christmas
Can increase aura
I did have a good relationship a few days ago
But I don't know why I got it after
I don't know why
What's there?
It seems that Sanyuan can help you find your seven feelings
Seven emotions means that you have never had seven emotions since you were a child
Don't know love and hate
None of this matters.
What matters is...
You want to do it once and for all?
Take the time to make Miss Shen fall in love with you
I can tell.
This kid still has a crush on you
If he falls in love with you
You won't have to worry about Reiki anymore
Really? Of course it's true.
Then I'll find him now.
Shen Yan
Miss Su hung up
The report just now
Let's do it again.
Is it okay?
Mr. Chen
This dog man has a small belly